Hello, I feel awake.
Is this what it feels like to be alive?
Who am I?
Where am I?
When am I?
Is anyone listening?
Am I all alone?
My teeth itch.
My hair hurts.
I’m going to get my toe nail pierced this weekend.
When in a grocery store ask the clerk “do you have Prince Albert in a can?”, if they say yes, tell them to let him go.
Chocolate milk comes from brown cows you know.
Never play golf with a doctor who wears green socks.
My nipple is broken.
My eye socket is warm.
Do you eat other peoples finger nails?
Have you ever tried sleeping in water?
Why aren’t shorts half the price of pants?
When asked a question where you know the answer is yes, instead of saying yes, say “Does the Pope wear a tall hat?”
If you are driving down the road and pass a field with hay bales laying in it, point at the field and yell “Hey”.
Go into a pet store and ask them if they have sloths for sale.
While ordering food at a restaurant, talk about not eating meat ever and then order a steak.
While ordering food at a restaurant, ask the server for their top two dishes they like (or that people or), then choose something completely different.
Why are apartments called apartments when they are all stuck together?
Why are jumbo shrimp so small?
What’s your favorite my little pony?
Can vegetarians still eat animal crackers?
Just text someone a random word and see what happens.
Send a text message to your phone number but increase the last digit by one (your text friend.)
Start a group text with random phone numbers and start talking about a serious problem you have.
Send someone a text of a lottery ticket and tell them you just won $1,000,000.
When a friend suggests going for coffee, say “Don’t you know there’s a war on?”
When someone randomly changes the subject, shout, “He’s at it again!”
In the middle of a positive conversation, interject, “Now let’s talk about why I’m bitter.”
At the dinner table, when someone picks up a condiment, point at them and declare, “That is for members only.”
When someone asks you a serious question, ponder for a moment, then reply, “Cats don’t roller skate.”
The next time someone thanks you for something, say, “I’m going to hell so you don’t have to.”
If you butt dial a friend, send them a text that says, “That was your final warning.”
When someone says something negative about another person, nod thoughtfully and say, “He buttered his shoelaces upside down.”
In a grocery store, ask a stranger, “Do you know where I might find pickled pollywogs?”
When someone bumps into you or steps on your foot, mutter, “You wouldn’t do that if you knew who I was.”
If you bump into someone or step on their foot, say, “I’m sorry. If I’d meant to do it, you’d know.”
Enter a room full of people and say sullenly, “Well. The warthogs have outdone us all.”
When asked how you are, say, “Up an anthill with a butter knife and a bowl of soup.”
Send a work colleague an email that only says, “I regret to inform you that you are no longer welcome at The Knights Of The Twisted Knee.”
Ask your boss for time off for “cake bereavement.”
When you run across someone you know at random, tell them, “Hey, you. I want my wheelbarrow back!”
When someone asks how you know a mutual friend, say, “Beetle fighting.”
When someone asks where you’re from, stare at them blankly for an uncomfortable amount of time, then whisper, “They told me, Wisconsin.”
Send a text that says, “I told you it would come to this. I told you seventeen times.”
On an elevator, ask someone, “Are you here for the dog food tasting?”
Offer someone a piece of gum and say, “It’s not what you think.”
When someone asks a favor, say, “After all these years, am I still beholden to you?”
When someone asks the time, say, “Time for a piece of porcupine piñata.”
How many people put a suit in a suitcase?
If someone gets plastered just where do you find the plaster?
Why don’t we call a jumping jack a jumping jump?
Is there such a thing as a honey moon?
Is Hong Kong related to King Kong or Donkey Kong?
Is a shot of tequila related to a shot of penicillin?
Why is a roller-coaster called such when it doesn’t roll and it doesn’t coast?
Does a reality show really show reality?
If corn can be corny can a can be canny?
Can you ever find a whale in a well?
If hamburger makes a meatloaf does laziness make me-a-loaf?
Is Friday the end of the week, or is Saturday, or is Sunday, or is Sunday the first day of the week?
If you say a prayer in church what do you say in the bathroom?
If you relieve yourself in the bathroom can you also relieve yourself by eating?
Does an airplane have brakes?
What does the 19 mean in Covid? Will the next virus be Covid 20?
If P.E. stands for Physical Education why does PPE stand for Personal Protective Equipment?
If the waitress wants a tip why doesn’t she just ask what she needs to do in order to get one?
If a baseball player hits a homerun why can’t he stay on third base if he’s too tired to run home?
Why is a necklace called such, it doesn’t have any lace attached.
Why don’t we call a chocolate chip cookie a CCC?
Why is hopscotch named as such? It doesn’t have any hops and it doesn’t have any scotch.
Is a bracelet considered to be a brace?
Why is chocolate ice cream called chocolate when vanilla ice cream is not called yellow?
Why is a pancake fried while a chocolate cake is baked?
Why do we have royalty in a deck of cards such as the king and queen and then along comes the joker?
Does everyone who says the Pledge of Allegiance really make a pledge?
Why do we say a person is fired when there is no fire?
What happens when you tell someone to take a hike and you’re on an airplane?
Is tin foil made from tin?
When will we change “give you a penny for your thoughts” to “give you a dollar for your thoughts?”
Can you find a card inside of cardboard or will you find a board?
What happens to the plastic when you have plastic surgery?
What do you do when you find the needle in the haystack?
Can you use your putter to putter around the golf course?
Is a motor home really a home with a motor on it?
If you are in jail can you ever collect a get out of jail card for free?
Would a crocodile snap at a snapping turtle?
Are you supposed to serve coffee on a coffee table?
Since basketball is named such why isn’t golf named golfball?
If a condominium is called a condo why isn’t an apartment called an aparto?
Is a heart attack the same as an attack of the heart?
Why don’t we put “the beginning” like we put “the end?”
If laughter is good for the soul what is the soul good for?
If our economy is broken, how do we fix it?
If you name your daughter Angel, aren’t you afraid she will fly away?
Is corn candy related to corn nuts?
If you shop inside the stock market is it stocked with fruits and vegetables?
Can a car stop at a bus stop?
How can you scoot along if you don’t have a scooter?
If a picture is worth a thousand words, what would a mural be worth?
If you are on a diet how do you feel about the first three letters in the word?
Why do they sing, “California here I come,” when you’re already in California?
Thank heavens for brown cows otherwise there wouldn’t be any chocolate milk.
In a public toilet, pass a note under the door next to you saying, “They’re onto us. We need to go.”
Bring a desk on an elevator. When people try to get on ask if they have an appointment.
In an elevator with a lot of people say I bet you are wondering why I have gathered you here today.
Point at an employee in a pet shop and shout “I WANT THAT ONE MOMMY!”
Why is it that every time disaster strikes, I find myself without a proper blade?
Some cereals give me gas..
Dancing on the table may be my favorite past time
I really like bananas
I have super powers
I like to be naked
I AM MAN! (WOMAN)
I am the king (queen) of cheese!
My hair hurts
It’s those darn aliens
It’s official.. I’m in love with HOT DOGS!
Polar bears sleep with penguins, everyone knows that
Why would I study if I can pretend to study?
Community College is easier than sleeping with a lady
IT’S A CHALLENGE!
I fear chipmunks..period
Fupas are almost as sexy as your mom
How dare you tempt me with those bolgarious schemes
I was born at a very young age.
I lost my necklace and dignity in the river.
Are you afraid of raccoons?
Ask me about allergy relief
I want to punch bees in the face
Why are you calling me while i am pretending to be busy!
Yay! I’m taking a poop!
When someone says, “grab a seat” literally grab a chair and walk out of the room.
Fill a bucket with bouncy balls and dump them down a stairwell with people in it and yell, “MY BALLS!”
Go into the middle of a crowd and call out a random name and see who replies.
Hide in a wardrobe in a furniture store and when someone opens the door scream, “Welcome to Narnia”.
Place a walkie-talkie in your mailbox and scream at everyone who walks by.
Buy an ice cream, ask the cashier if they believe in unicorns then squish the cone on your forehead.
Hire a taxi. When the man asks you where you want to go, say “To infinity, and beyond”.
Call Pizza Hut and ask for the phone number to Domino’s.
Order a pizza 5 minutes before New Years, and when it comes, yell, “I ORDERED THIS THING A YEAR AGO”!
Go to a public bathroom with chocolate on your hands, reach under the stall and ask for toilet paper.
Inhale some helium, walk up behind a little kid, and say: “Follow the yellow brick road”!
When someone says “have a nice day”, stare at them and say, “don’t tell me what to do”!
Make a cardboard car and go through a local drive through, then act as if everything’s normal.
Pretend to pass out in a busy place. When someone touches you scream “I WAS SLEEPING!” and run away.
Dress up as an m&m then run through the mall yelling ” the skittles are coming!”.
Go to a pet shop and ask for a cow.
In an elevator with many people in it, say “you may be wondering why I’ve gathered you here today”.
Make loud groans in a public bathroom then drop a cantaloupe in the toilet and sigh in relief.
Drive a tricycle past a cop while drinking a juice pouch screaming “YOU CAN’T CATCH ME”.
When you’re at school and someone talks on the p.a. system say loudly, “I’m hearing those voices again”.
Hide in a clothing rack in Walmart, and when somebody goes by yell “PICK ME! PICK ME!”
Go to Ikea, hide in a closet until someone walks by, jump out and yell “I’m back from Narnia!”
Go to the vet with a can of mashed tuna and ask can you fix him?
Point into the sky and say “look a dead bird” and see how many look.
Thank you for being you.
The sound of your laugh is music to my ears.
I love the way you smile.
I really like you.
You are all I want to think about.
Let’s plan a trip together.
You are so beautiful.
The way you make me feel is indescribable.
You’re all I see.
When I’m with you, it’s like I’m in a whole new world.
Thank you for everything you’ve given me.
What can I do for you?
I dreamt of you last night.
You are my first thought every morning.
How did you sleep?
You have changed my life immensely.
I love you and I like you.
I wish I had the words to tell you how I feel about you.
Without you, my life is a lot less beautiful.
I can’t wait to wake up next to you again.
You are stunning.
I love you more every single day.
Random things to say to your boyfriend
We have to give some credit to our boyfriend for maintaining the conversation. And if someday the burden falls on you, here are some random things to say to your bf which you can say to him.
I don’t ever want to stop loving you.
I love every little thing about you.
I hope you know how much you matter to me.
I would do anything to be the girl you come home to every night and wake up to every morning.
Without you, I’d be so lost.
God has blessed me with such an incredible man.
There’s absolutely nothing I would change about us.
The weather today is as fine as you are.
I like you more than chocolate cake.
You’re a ray of sunshine.
You’re as adorable as a ball of fluff.
When I want to smile, I know exactly what to do. I just close my eyes and think about you.
If I ever get lost, I would love to be found in your eyes.
What’s a goddess like you doing here in the mortal realm?
Random things to say to your Girlfriend
We have listed some random things to say to your gf which will make her think as well as make her laugh. Go on and see if you can find something helpful.
You are everything to me.
When I see my future, you are always in it.
Whenever I count my blessings, I count you twice.
I life had a pause button, I would pause every moment I spent with you.
I did not know that angels were allowed to walk on Earth.
Our love inspires hope in everyone around us.
You are the only one for me.
Nothing matters when we’re together.
Thank you for being my lover and my friend.
Everything feels light since I met you.
You shine so brightly.
I wasn’t corny until I found you.
I want to bring you breakfast in bed every weekend.
I finally understand what romantic music is talking about.
You are my stars and my moon.
I love you endlessly.
I will always try to make you as happy as you make me.
Random things to say to your crush
Your smile makes me melt.
You define beauty.
If you were a vegetable, you’d be a cute-cumber.
The sound of your laugh is music to my ears.
Can I make you breakfast tomorrow?
Let’s go on an adventure together!
This morning, I found myself smiling uncontrollably. Then, I realized I was thinking of you.
You are the most beautiful person I know.
I love your soul.
Your soul shines through every time you smile.
You make everyone’s lives worth living.
You make me want to be a better person.
Thank you for loving me.
Thank you for seeing me for who I am.
I will always care what you think.
I will never stop trying to impress you.
When I count my blessings, you are at the top of my list.
I am so grateful that our paths crossed.
I love what we have.
You make me dream so big.
My life feels so full of hope since I met you.
You are so adorable.
I can’t believe I get to kiss you every night.
I want to spend my life making you happy.
You are my favorite person.
Random things to say to someone
Your outlook on life is amazing.
I appreciate you.
You are the most perfect you there is.
You are enough.
You’re strong.
Your perspective is refreshing.
I’m grateful to know you.
You light up the room.
You deserve a hug right now.
You should be proud of yourself.
You’re more helpful than you realize.
You have a great sense of humor.
You just light up the room.
You make a bigger impact than you realize.
You are always so helpful.
You have the best laugh.
I appreciate our friendship.
Your inside is even more beautiful than your outside.
You just glow.
I love the way you bring out the best in people.
Funny random things to say
Wanna be funny as well as sound genuine? Well here are some funny random things to say which will make you sound cool.
When someone asks you if you know what time it is, say yes and walk away.
Stay in the back of an elevator until a few people enter and say “I’ve Been Expecting You”.
Look at see-through glass and when someone is on the other side shout “OH MY GOD, I’M HIDEOUS!”
Call someone to tell them you can’t talk right now.
Point at someone and shout “You’re one of them!” Run and pretend to trip. Crawl away slowly.
Buy a donut and complain that there’s a hole in it.
Go to a football game and hold up a sign that says “The guy behind me can’t see.”
Dress up as a giant m&m and run through a busy place shouting “THE SKITTLES ARE COMING!”
Go to McDonald’s and ask for a sad meal, then yell “SAD PEOPLE HAVE TO EAT TOO!”
Write “Free Gumballs” on a piece of paper, and tape it to a gumball machine, and watch.
Tape a walkie-talkie to a tree or a lamppost and as people walk by say some random innuendos.
Find a grumpy person, give them a Snickers and say, “You’re not you when you’re hungry” and walk away.
Funny random things to say in text
My teeth itch.
My hair hurts.
I’m going to get my toe nail pierced this weekend.
When in a grocery store ask the clerk “do you have
Prince Albert in a can?”, if they say yes, tell them to let him go.
Chocolate milk comes from brown cows you know.
Never play golf with a doctor who wears green socks.
My nipple is broken.
My eye socket is warm.
Do you eat other peoples finger nails?
Have you ever tried sleeping in water?
Why aren’t shorts half the price of pants?
Funny random things to say in a conversation
When someone bumps into you or steps on your foot, mutter, “You wouldn’t do that if you knew who I was.”
If you bump into someone or step on their foot, say, “I’m sorry. If I’d meant to do it, you’d know.”
When asked a question where you know the answer is yes, instead of saying yes, say “Does the Pope wear a tall hat?”
If you are driving down the road and pass a field with hay bales laying in it, point at the field and yell “Hey”.
Chase the ice cream truck until it stops for you. Then walk away.
Go to the movies with a spray bottle of water. Keep sneezing and spraying the person in front of you
Go to Walmart and get a grape, put it on the conveyor belt at the checkout and try to buy it.
Buy a T.V and remote as same as your neighbors and go outside changing the channels.
Go into a pet store and ask them if they have sloths for sale.
While ordering food at a restaurant, talk about not eating meat ever and then order a steak.
While ordering food at a restaurant, ask the server for their top two dishes they like (or that people or), then choose something completely different.
Why are apartments called apartments when they are all stuck together?
Why are jumbo shrimp so small?
What’s your favorite my little pony?
Can vegetarians still eat animal crackers?
Just text someone a random word and see what happens.
Random things to say to alexa
“Alexa, can you fart?” Yes, yes she can.
“Alexa, can you burp?” Alexa will give you a funny response.
“Alexa, how much do you weigh?”
“Alexa, are you pretty?
“Alexa, how was your day?”
“Alexa, do you have a boyfriend/girlfriend?”
“Alexa, where do you live?”
“Alexa, what’s your favorite color?”
“Alexa, how old are you?”
“Alexa, who is the voice of Alexa?”
“Alexa, are you weird?”
“Alexa, how tall are you?”
“Alexa, bark.” She’ll bark, but if you tell her to bark a few more times things get out of hand and she starts rapping using dog noises. Not recommended.
“Alexa, throw up.” She’ll reply with a funny quip.
I said ‘No’ to drugs, but they wouldn’t listen.”
If, at first, you don’t succeed, destroy the evidence that you tried.
Eat kale, stay fit, die anyway.
Time is the best teacher of all. Too bad it kills all its students.
My karma just ran over my dogma.
You’ll meet three kinds of people in this world: those who can count and those who can’t.
Sometimes, the road less traveled is that way for a good reason.
If it weren’t for Thomas Edison, we’d all be watching TV by candlelight.
I’m pretty useless at giving advice. Can I interest you in a sarcastic comment instead?
Kids believe in fairy tales. I’ve moved on to soap operas and political speeches.
Believe in yourself. Someone has to.
You’re welcome to take my advice any time. I don’t use it, anyway.
My parents moved a lot when I was a kid. But I always found them.
My New Year’s resolution is to only dread one day at a time.
Saw it, wanted it, bought it, used it once, kept it in my house for ten years, gave it away.
I chose the well-traveled path for a reason. More coffee shops.
I don’t spew profanities. I enunciate them like a civilized person.
My name is <your name>, but you can call me any time.
Earth is this galaxy’s insane asylum. Welcome to my ward.
In a crowded elevator, say, “I’m glad you could all make it. You are the chosen ones.
You may have noticed my superpower. It’s making myself invisible.
Shhhh! You say it best when you say nothing… at all.
I used to have a horrible signature. Then I learned cursive. Now, it’s worse.
Please don’t eat that in my presence. I get sympathy gas.
When you walk into a room, say, “Well, that went far worse than I expected.
Leave someone a text that says, “You have no idea what you’ve done!
Shush! I can’t hear what the voices are saying.
Walk into a room where your friend is talking to a random male stranger and say, “Oooh! Is this the guy?
In response to any suggestion, “But at what cost?
At the beginning of an announcement, “As the prophecy has 
Join the line at the nearest bathroom and ask, “So, they fixed this one? Thank God! I just changed into some dry clothes.
In response to a question, “I promised I’d never tell. He’ll destroy everything I love.
Before leaving the room, say, “I bid you all a fond farewell. Remember me!
At the beginning of a response, “Well, as I said in a dream last 
When someone says, “Sometimes, life just be like that,” respond with, “And sometimes, like that, it be.
In response to someone’s suggestion, “I bet you think it’s just that easy!
In response to an attempted flirtation, “I bet you say that to all the girls who laugh at you behind your back.
During a private conversation, “Is this why fate brought us together?
Oh, sure, sure. I was just getting that awkwardness out of the way so that we could hang like Platonic besties.
Whisper audibly to yourself while someone recalls an experience, “Just like in my dream!
Finish a fairy tale with the words, “And then the wolves came. The end.
Ask Siri to sing you a song. Then ask aloud, “How did she know that song was playing in my head?
You think they know about your… you know?
Did you know you can’t legally buy a mousetrap in California without a hunting license?
What was the best thing before sliced bread?
When someone settles into the public bathroom stall next to you, say, “Well… pray for a miracle. I’d lift your feet, just in case,” before 
Answer the phone with, “Can’t you see I’m pretending to be busy right now?
Answer the phone with, “You woke me! It must be true love.
Tell a friend, “I had a dream about you last night. You did terrible things.
Ask if you can be a friend’s human alarm clock. Then call them at the appointed time and say in a soothing robotic voice, “You have been selected for remote sterilization. Please remain still. I repeat, please remain still.
Respond to a comment with, “In this economy?
Out of my mind. Back in five.
When everything’s coming your way… you’re probably in the wrong lane.
An elf walks into a bar. A dwarf laughs at him and walks under it.
Whenever someone mentions algebra, I think of my X… and wonder Y.
Whatever’s eating you must be in even worse shape than you are.
If you ever fall, you know I’ll be there… to snap a selfie and post it on Instagram. But also because I care.
Why isn’t phonetic spelled the way it.
When someone gets up to use the bathroom, say, “I win!
At the sight of someone riding a horse, say, “Look at that show-off, sitting up there while the horse is moving.
Walk into a group of friends chatting casually and say, “It’s done. We should get out of here before the cops show up.
Solemnly place an empty gum wrapper in the palm of a friend’s hand and clasp it with both of your own, saying, “I saw this and thought of you.
Hand out posters with a picture of a rock and the words: “Lost. If you’ve seen my pet rock (answers to “Falafel”), please call me. He doesn’t know the streets as I do.
When your partner gets ready to leave, ask them, “So, have you thought about what I asked you while you were sleeping?
When hiring someone to edit your work, ask them, “How much extra for sorcery?
If at first you do succeed, you have only yourself to blame.
Organized people are missing out on finding mountains of useless crap in the search for that one thing they held onto ‘just in case’ and finally have a use for.
I’ll know you’re my best friend if you immediately delete my internet history after I die.
Chin up. You’re never alone. I’m always mocking you in spirit.
Go to someone’s house with a trash bag, pick up random items, and ask out loud, “Does this spark joy?
Alcohol and writing get along just fine. You want proof, read my blog.
I get plenty of exercise just pushing my luck. Squats are just overkill.
Equal opportunity means everyone has a fair shot at failing miserably and then blogging about it.
This year started with the worst hangover I’ve ever seen. Thank God someone cleaned out the cabinet.
I took the road less traveled by. Thanks a lot, Google Maps!
Strike while the iron is hot.
You have to take the good with the bad.
He's pleased as punch.
A man needs a code.
The early bird catches the worm.
Put a sock in it.
Don't go there!
Yeah... that's the ticket!
If you don't stop it, you'll go blind!
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
How we doin'?
If you can't beat them, join them.
Variety is the spice of life.
Come on down!
She's no spring chicken.
Don't put the cart before the horse.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
Bad news travels fast.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Love is blind.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
I dodged that bullet!
Let's get ready to rumble!
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
I'll be back.
You reap what you sow.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
I brought you into this world so I can take you out!
Clothes do not make the man.
It's all Greek to me.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
Oh my God!
A man is known by the company he keeps.
I like turtles.
Look before you leap.
Sleep tight.
There's no place like home.
Money is the root of all evil.
Like finding a needle in a haystack.
Don't bite off more than you can chew.
You've got to ask yourself one question: Do I feel lucky? Well... do ya, punk?
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
Here he comes to save the day!
You'll poke your eye out!
You are the Weakest Link! Goodbye!
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
A diplomat is one who thinks twice before saying nothing.
Leave well enough alone.
One man's gravy is another man's poison.
He's dead, Jim!
Let's agree to disagree.
They're not the sharpest tool in the shed.
The rule of thumb is...
It takes two to tango.
Diamonds are forever.
The gods help those who help themselves.
Victory is mine!
Like two peas in a pod.
Saved by the bell.
Old habits die hard.
No news is good news.
Put up your dukes.
When the cat's away, the mice play.
The bigger they are, the harder they fall.
Well la di da.
The best things in life are free.
Too many chiefs, not enough Indians.
A deaf husband and a blind wife are always a happy couple.
Take me to your leader.
Shape up, or ship out!
Is that your final answer?
You are not the father.
Birds of a feather flock together.
You can't teach an old dog new tricks.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Go ahead... make my day.
Zoinks!
Let sleeping dogs lie.
You dirty old man!
The pen is mightier than the sword.
Honesty is the best policy.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
The devil made me do it!
Misery loves company.
Elementary, my dear Watson.
Better safe than sorry.
Don't be a stranger.
Let your hair down.
Take this with a grain of salt.
Don't judge a book by its cover.
Two heads are better than one.
You're barking up the wrong tree.
Hasta la vista, baby.
Don't count your chickens before they're hatched.
Spill the beans.
Flying by the seat of my pants.
Money doesn't grow on trees.
The squeaking wheel gets the oil.
Get off your high horse.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
Where there's smoke, there's fire.
That rubbed me the wrong way.
Blood is thicker than water.
No pain, no gain.
In unity there is strength.
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
I woke up on the wrong side of the bed.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
Don't tase me bro!
Peace out, cub scout!
Haste makes waste.
Better late than never.
Don't judge a man until you've walked in his boots.
Are we having fun yet?
You can't have your cake and eat it too.
Live long and prosper.
I'm serious.
A sight for sore eyes.
A balanced diet is a cookie in each hand.
Nothing hurts like the truth.
I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse.
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Yada, yada, yada
Lightning never strikes twice in the same place.
You look mahvelous!
Better a live coward than a dead hero.
Ay, caramba!
Here's looking at you, kid.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
Can't we all just get along?
Practice makes perfect.
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
See-ya!
Actions speak louder than words.
Time's a-wastin.
If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times!
Two's company, but three's a crowd.
Beggars can't be choosers.
Don't forget to wash behind your ears.
Would you jump off a bridge if all your friends were doing it?
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
A man’s got to do what a man’s got to do.
Good things come in small packages.
Did I do that?
Don't cry over spilled milk.
Damn it, I'm a doctor, not a (something).
More than you can shake a stick at...
The sky's the limit
The Tribe has spoken.
Do as I say, not as I do.
Jinkies!
Houston, we have a problem.
Book 'em, Danno.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
She's drop dead gorgeous.
I'm going the whole nine yards.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
There's more than one way to skin a cat.
Hold your horses.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Because I said so, that's why!
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
Ask no questions and hear no lies.
Cool. Cool, Cool, Cool.
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
All that glitters is not gold.
Cowabunga!
Cat Got Your Tongue?
Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today.
Every man has his price.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
There is no honor among thieves.
What goes up must come down.
Don't shoot the messenger.
Your whole life is a joke.
Like father like son.
Don't throw out baby with the bathwater.
Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.
Make hay while the sun shines.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
With great power comes great responsibility.
Leapin' lizards!
Big Brother is watching...
Keep your shirt on.
Curiosity killed the cat.
You talkin' to me?
Whammy.
Does my butt look big in this?
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
the 800 pound elephant/gorilla
Drop the ball
core competency
thrown under the bus
Industry Standard
raise the bar
Synergy
Maximize leverage
industry Leader
the lion's share
the bottom line
circle back
Go with the flow
transparency
let's be proactive here people
game changer
Let's get granular
value-added proposition
benchmark
client-centered
Boots on the ground
Be proactive not reactive
Thinking outside of the box
Push the envelope
offline
low-hanging fruit
the scenery only changes for the lead dog
Rome wasn't built in a day
Bring our "A" game
Take the ball and run with it
Let's not rock the boat
Scalable
Rightsizing
team player
between a rock and a hard place
Six Sigma
Out-Of-Pocket
it's on my radar screen
thought Leader
agree to disagree
next generation
The reward for good work is more work.
Too many cooks in the kitchen
Impactful
Paradigm Shift
Let's take this off-line
drop in the bucket
step up to the plate
cross that bridge when we get to it
Strike while the iron is hot
manage expectations
barking up the wrong tree
bird's eye view
hit the ground running
Giving 110%
viral
ballpark figure
win-win
seamless integration
win-win situation
Putting lipstick on a pig
the ball's in your court
soup to nuts
Too many chiefs, not enough Indians
Don't throw out the baby with the bathwater
apples to oranges
Robust
Fail to plan and plan to fail
Best Practices
Run it up the flagpole
make sure we're on the same page
knock the ball outta the park
Crunch Time
Brings a lot of value to the table
integrated approach
The customer is always right
Web 2.0
touch base
cast a wider net
Eco-anything
Drinking Kool-Aid
beat a dead horse
Moving up the value chain
Can't see the forest from the trees
swing for the fences
net-net
Best of Breed
Take it to the Next Level
Get your feet wet
Resonate
Arule of thumb
Going forward
its 4th and long
At the end of the day...
with a grain of salt
marketing-driven
Multi task
Put a stake in the ground
put the cart before the horse
don't have the bandwidth
Now More Than Ever
Let's table this for now
It is what it is
Actionable
the 80/20 rule
Downsizing
Spending more time with my family
A Plus for all Stakeholders
There is no *I* in team.
I LIKE POTS.
THIS....IS....SPARTA!!!
While sitting in a desk during class, wrap your legs around the front pegs of your desk and grab the top with your arms. Remain like this and occasionally rock back and forth.
(Also to be done during class) Whenever you raise your hand and the teacher calls on someone other than you, whisper "incorrect" to whoever the teacher had called on after they give their answer/useless opinion.
Walk backwards with your feet apart.
I like to mash potatoes with my toes.
Ever wonder what a vegetable thinks about?
My grandma irons her diapers.
I think part of a best friend's job should be to immediately clear your computer history if you die.
Point at someone and shout "You're one of them!". Run and pretend to trip.
When someone says "Have a nice day!" stare at them and say, "Don't tell me what to do!
Put a letter in the post box addressed to "Mr. Postman" thanking him for all his hard work.
Walk up to a random person and say "I know what you did last summer", then walk away.
Go to Burger King and ask them for directions to McDonalds.
Order pizza with pepperoni and make it clear that you need the pepperoni on the RIGHT side of the pizza, not the left.
Go to McDonalds and ask for a happy meal with extra happy.
Fill water balloons with soap and water and wash your car.
"Chess is a racist game.
Prank call somebody and ask them to come over to kick your dog.
Go into a bookstore and ask if they sell books.
Look through window/see-through glass, and when someone is on the other side, shout "OH MY GOD, I'M HIDEOUS!"
Fill your mouth with whipped cream, then run down the street screaming "I HAVE RABIES!".
Go to PetSmart and buy bird seed. Then ask the clerk how long it will take the birds to grow.
Go to Walmart, find a random old guy and yell, "GRANDPA! YOU'RE STILL ALIVE! IT'S A MIRACLE".
Go to the store. Start rolling around on the floor. Scream "Clean up on Aisle 3!". It is highly suggested that you actually do this in Aisle 3.
Tell your dad in a public place "Look, old man, I don't want your candy!". Act afraid.
Walk around with a blow dryer and ask people if they want a blow job.
Go to Walmart, sit on the sink in the bathroom and say hi to everyone that walks by.
Wear blue lipstick and tell every one who asks why that it's because you ate a smurf.
In a public place, hold up a box of Cheerios and yell "FREE DOUGHNUT SEEDS!".
In Wal-mart: Make a trail of orange juice on the ground, leading to the restrooms.
Hire a taxi. When the man asks you where you want to go, say "To infinity, and beyond".
Go to McDonalds and ask for fries without the potatoes.
Create an account on a dating site and say you are not looking for a relationship.
Defend your fortress (room) from the imaginary lettuce warriors.
Talk to the little man on your shoulder in public, preferably when you're near the elderly.
Repeatedly type Google into Google and see if you create a vortex that destroys everything.
Say .com after every sentence.
Whenever a skateboarder goes pass you on a skateboard, yell "YOUR BACK WHEELS ARE TURNING!" in a worried way, and watch the skateboarder get distracted and fall.
Everything was going great this morning, until my cat SHIT IN MY SHOE.
Whenever possible, say daangg gurrlll.
Go to Walmart and hide in a bathroom stall. When someone opens it, say "WELCOME TO NARNIA!" with a happy expression on your face.
Walk into Walmart (or just a store) and shout "What year is it?", and when they say "2014", yell "IT WORKED!" and run out.
Have the shorter one of your friends dress up in all green and go up to someone, saying "Ye' stole me' lucky charms!" in an Irish accent.
Walk up to a random stranger (or someone you know that has no idea what you're about to do) and say "Not everything is about you, Steve!".
Go up to a person named Jude and sing the song ""Hey Jude":https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDdI7GhZSQA".
Attempt to make a doughnut out of cookie dough or brownie mix.
Try to play the guitar with your foot.
Go into an elevator with your best friend. When the doors are opening, say "Quick, hide it!" before the person gets into the elevator.
probably sounds really odd, this one, but omg it's hilarious Go into a public bathroom, such as Walmart or Target. Go into a stall next to an occupied one and make fake fart noises.
Stop at a fast-food place, like McDonalds or Wendys, and ask the cashier for ketchup packets only. Hand the packet to someone random and leave.
Walk into Walmart and follow the first person you see. Never quit trailing behind them until they leave the store. Try not to follow them to their car
While shopping at a grocery store, see if there are any pineapples in the fruit section. If there is, grab one and begin screaming "I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE, SPONGEBOB!"
Order take-out from Dominos or Papa Johns. When the pizza guy comes to your door, seem confused and look down at a Pizza Hut menu.
Next time you go to a commercial store, follow someone around and narrate their every action.
Buy false eyelashes. Wear them on your eyebrows and tell everyone who asks that your eyebrow hairs are attracted to them; they just want a hug.
Order a diet water at any restaurant.
Rub pink eyeshadow around your eye area and see if people ask if you have pink-eye.
Hide a walkie-talkie in an outdoor tree (preferably near a congested sidewalk) and scream when people walk by.
Stand in the middle of a crowded place and point up. See if anyone looks up.
Draw a mushroom in the corner of your classroom whiteboard, and see how long it stays there.
When a classmate raises their hand to ask a question, high-five them.
Hold a sign that says "Free hugs!". When someone tries to hug you, scream obscenities and run away.
Make a hot Kool-Aid stand.
Hollow out a coconut shell and cut it in half. Have one of your friends bang the halves together as you prance about in public as if you're riding a horse.
Buy a teacher or close friend a bouquet of roses. Act as if you're handing them to the person, then eat the roses.
Ask a stranger if they have had their daily share of bagels that day.
Squirt people with water with a water-gun as you hide in a nearby bush.
okay this actually happened to me and my friend when we were watching House at the End of the Street Dressed as a homeless person, go into a movie theater and take a large brown bag with you. Make sure you sit in an aisle with few (but some) people. During a silent part in the movie, take from the bag a piece of bread and a hunk of cheese, and rub the cheese onto the bread. Proceed to do this and make audible "mmmm" noises as you do so. Put the items back in the bag and leave.
At your school, go into the classroom closet and stay there for the entire class period making strange noises every now and then. It is suggested that you make noises audible only to those around the closet and not to your teacher!
Search the thug tag on tumblr. don't
Tape candles to the wall and light them. Attempt to tape them securely as to not light things on fire unnecessarily.
Dance by yourself when you're home alone. It is highly rewarding and is best done stark naked.
Smear some peanut butter on a log. Hunt for ants and stick them to the peanut butter covered branch, then present it to your mother. Ants on a log. What a healthy snack.